make sure to check out the thumbnails
down below the video this will take you
through the official Assassin's Creed 3
show on gamers beverage here you'll find
the latest episodes about AC 3 and
you'll be able to subscribe to the show
to stay updated about when new videos
are uploaded how's it going guys this
magnitude is from gamers beverage bring
you some more assassins creed 3 news
from e3 2012 this time we're going to be
taking a look at the multiplayer that
was showcased on the floor in the e3
booth for Ubisoft I wasn't there
personally but I did read up on a lot of
information was leaked out and of course
here are the three new confirmed
characters we have lady maverick which
is essentially looks kind of like the
Vanguard with the green but of course
she has a hook kind of like a pirate
hook so and be interesting how that
plays into the game and our second
confirmed key multiplayer character is
the carpenter which kind of reminds me
of the blacksmith in Brotherhood if you
guys remember he had the hammer that he
was always can around on his shoulder
and he would just swing it and you know
just swooped right under people's Lex
and take him out and just crushed her
face in afterwards so and the third
final character that was confirmed is
the commander which is the British
soldier in the red and now there are
other characters that do show up on the
video that was I was shown at e3 or they
playable demo though is there they
haven't announced them at all so I'm
assuming they're going to be in the
multiplayer beta and don't you know jump
on me and asked me when the multiplayer
beta is available i do not know i don't
know if it's going to be available but
if you be soft is following its roots
and its following what it's done in the
last couple of years then they will
definitely have a multiplayer beta for
ps3 now if you're waiting for the beta
it's probably going to be available in
September but i do not know for sure i'm
just going by what has happened in
brotherhood and revelations now the next
couple of changes here with that we have
is there is a new map Northwest Passage
i'm not sure if there's gonna be any
maps
me Mac from the previous games but of
course you know it makes sense to bring
back maps that people love to play and I
would love to see some of the
revelations and the Brotherhood maps
coming back and now of course the actual
introduction screen the actual menu
system is a lot changed and just like
from brother to revelations it was
completely overhauled and you know the
the developers want to make things a
little smoother and of course when i was
playing revelations i found the menu
system very very confusing it was hard
for me to find what i needed to do
whether i wanted to change my abilities
to purchase some stuff and you know i
was very confused at that point when i
was playing that game so let's move on
there is a new game mode that they did a
showcase on the game room for which is
essentially domination so it's a king of
the hill style game that essentially
requires you to control three different
spots you have a B and C and you have to
control these spots and the way I
understand that this gameplay works is
when you get into the spot and you
control that spot then it's almost like
that area becomes your kill zone and
you're able to take out anybody but when
it's not under your control you're only
able to stun people from what I've seen
in videos of this game which you guys
can see running right now on the right
side of the screen here now the next
thing another new introduction to the
actual multiplayer series is the fact
that the environment is going to be a
little bit you know advantageous to most
players the weather system is going to
change there's still not sure and are
still tweaking around whether or not the
weather will actually change with time
over the map or whether it's just going
to be in certain locations there's going
to be fog and another location is going
to have snow falling and another
location is going to have rain and it's
only going to be in no static position
so I haven't you know heard any videos
yet or seen any videos where people
talked about where the weather had
changed over time on the multiplayer map
and I'm sure the developers are deciding
what's the best course of action where
to actually have the weather change but
you can see here the snow is coming in
in this specific location and if you
move out of this specific location it
might be just clear weather for you guys
so much like in the single-player game
the weather does change over time with
the
you know without with the with the
gameplay itself so the next thing that I
would do want to talk about is the
combination of the kill and stun button
being in one now you no longer have the
square button if you're on PlayStation
for killing and the open or the circle
button for stunning people it is under
one it's all under the square button so
whether or not somebody comes up to you
or your coming up to someone to stun
them or kill them it's going to be the
same exact button for you guys so it's a
big change and I'm really interested to
see how that's going to play out in the
actual game itself there have been some
new abilities that have been confirmed
in the game by the people that played
this game on the showroom floor we have
the poison dart what is that was what is
essentially Jessica a hitting gun but it
takes a lot longer to focus that and it
takes a lot longer to actually shoot it
and affect the person so there is a
poison dart which essentially gives you
stealing all the hidden points for that
do you have glimmer which is right now
being showcased on the screen on the
right essentially I believe that makes
you invisible to the other team Oh or
you know I don't know how it's going to
look from the other side i'm assuming
it's just going to be like this story a
distorted space that you just see and if
you run into somebody you're going to be
able to kill or stun them and that as
position another thing is disruption
which is essentially causes havoc on the
other person's screen disrupts their HUD
system disruptors screen you know maybe
make some go blind you can't see
everything kind of like the Firecracker
effect and the last one is shield I
don't have this confirmed I just saw a
mention of it on a sink on a certain
gaming site or forum site and
essentially what it is it allows you to
block kills or assassinations or you
know maybe it allows you to block some
shots like a hidden gonna kill or poison
dart kill or anything like that alright
so the next thing we're going to be
talking about is a new park called
unstoppable essentially it works like
Auto bash in the Brotherhood and the
revelations games were essentially you
were able to run through the crowds very
very quickly that you did not slow you
down for at least a few first couple of
people but then you eventually slow down
and another addition to that unstoppable
perk is the fact that you can get
through one chase breaker and that's
what I've read on the multiplayer forums
and the websites that what only one
chase breaker will open up for you or
lift will come down for you or anything
like that
and afterwards you don't have that
ability anymore and you're just left
with the auto bash so it sounds kind of
interesting you know it's cool to have a
unstoppable perk or whatever it is and
we'll see how it plays out in the game
so that's pretty much all the
information that I've been able to
gather I didn't focus on any other stuff
like reverse detection meters or
anything like that I know that it is in
the game but there isn't any concrete
evidence or information about it
specifically so until we actually see
some gameplay and so we actually play
the game itself in a beta form or wait
till the October release for all the
other consoles if it does not show up on
xbox and it's only PlayStation exclusive
so until later guys I'm magnitude X
hopefully enjoy the video enjoyed my
little overview of multiplayer changes i
will have more as more information gets
leaked out or comes out or gets released
and i'll talk to you guys about it so
until later i am magnitude x peace out
and always stay thirsty my friends